Manage python type content (#2370)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-python-packages-from-server.adoc

[id="Installing_Python_Packages_from_{project-context}_Server_{context}"]
= Installing Python Packages from {ProjectServerTitle}

You can install python packages from {Project} on managed hosts using `pip`.

.Prerequisite
* You have uploaded or synchronized a python package to {Project}.

.Procedure
* On your managed hosts, set the URL to {ProjectServer} to install a python package:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
$ pip install --index-url https://{foreman-example-com}/pulp/content/_My_Organization_Label_/Library/custom/_My_{customproductid}/_My_{custompythonrepoid}/simple/ _My_Python_Package_
----
+

> If your managed host does not trust the certificate of your {ProjectServer}, use `--trusted-host {foreman-example-com}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your managed host does not trust the certificate of your {ProjectServer}, add the `--trusted-host {foreman-example-com}` option.
```

Author: Applied.
